welcome to the man of recaps we're
talking The Walking Dead Season one Rick
Grimes is a sheriff down in the south
he's trying to survive in the zombie
apocalypse
so he was a cop and in the line of duty
he gets shot one day doesn't know a coma
but when he wakes up nobody's there
turns out the world had a zombie
apocalypse without him so he goes home
to find his family instead he finds this
black family they tell them the rules of
zombies one of course we get bit you
turn into one head shots are the only
way they'd kill him of course you don't
want to use guns cuz they're attracted
to noise so you know melee weapons are
better anyway they're supposed to be a
survivor Center in Atlanta so they stop
by the station grab a big bag guns he
gives this guy walkie it's like maybe
I'll see you later
and if it finds a horse and he rides
into the city which is why we get this
awesome shot of course it's a terrible
idea because it's infested with zombies
so he has to crawl under this tank to
survive he gets up inside it to hide and
then it's swarming all around him he's
totally dead but the radio turns on some
guys like hey I could see you I'll tell
you when to make a run for it right now
so he runs for it down the alley and he
finds this asian kid so he's like come
with me up the ladder I'll take you to
my friends one is this badass chick
named Andrea the other is this black guy
his name's tdawg and up on the roof we
got Merle who's these like horrible
redneck douchebag and I he's like starts
a fight with tdawg and he punches out
Rick's overcast lay down the smack and
handcuff him to the thing he gives the
key to tdawg because like he was the one
he was fighting with but anyway now
they're surrounded by zombies so they
have to formulate this disgusting plan
to rub zombie muck all over themselves
and walk through the streets to blend it
works pretty well until it starts
raining and washes it all off so they
have to run they have the fence I think
I should steal this truck and they steal
this awesome car they use the car as a
distraction to load them up the other
guys are going down to get in the truck
at 2000 I guess I'll bring you with me
but he drops the key down the drain and
it's like oh man sorry bro you're dead
so they get in the truck and they
guilhom they're out of there so they've
got the small group of survivors camping
in the woods and one of them happens to
be his son Carl and his wife Laurie
that's convenient also his best friend
Shane from the force is there but since
they thought he was dead these two were
banging scandalous somewhere else still
handcuffed to the roof he's got a
brother back at camp Daryl who's this
cool dude he's got a crossbow he's like
a hunter and he doesn't take the news
very well that his brother is left on
the roof so they form a rescue mission
to go back and get him meanwhile back at
camp the short-haired girl Carol is
married to this abusive dick and so he
like smacks her sometimes and so Shane
busts in there and he starts punching
him he lets everyone know who's in
charge the guys making it back to the
roof but Merle is gone what happened to
him he found a saw and cut his hand off
oh man so they're following the blood
trail but it leads to a dead end now
there's also the bag of guns that he
brought
with an it was lost in this horde so
they go back to get it but then they
find these guys who like ambush them in
the corner and ride off but the Asian
kid they meet with this hardcore Mexican
gang and they're like hey we got one of
yours we'll trade it for the Asian kid
it's like ah we want the bag of guns and
it's like now you can't have the bag of
guns we're gonna have a standoff but
then I'm well it comes in and she's like
hey what's going on here she takes them
turns out they're caring for all these
senior citizens they're not that hard
they're nice guys so it works like okay
you can have some guns so back at camp
they're having a nice little fish fry
when a zombie shows up and he bites this
chick that's Andrea's little sister and
then a lot of zombies are there so
they're fighting them off and all like
the random extras like get eaten at this
point but the guys show up with the guns
just in time they save the day after
your sister does die though I know
because she was bit she comes back to
life and andrea has to put her down
classic this chicks abusive husband also
got bit so he's put down too and this
guy was bit too but he's trying to hide
it so they're like oh should we kill him
it's like no we don't kill the people
are still living but he like gets his
horrible fever when you bet he's like
honestly just kill me so they do the
groups like well it's not safe here
anymore they plan to go to the CDC the
Center for Disease Control that makes
sense so they head out they get there it
doesn't look very promising though and
just as they're about to give up the
door opens yeah someone's inside
unfortunately just as one doctor he's
like we don't have a cure but we do have
a ton of wine so they have a little
party and Shane is all like you'll Lori
you know you should be with me like me
better and so he he tries to kiss her
and she's like now my husband's back now
I love him how get away from me it seems
like a man that's awkward the doctor
explains the science of how zombies work
it's like some disease or whatever that
reanimates just a brain stem and he's
like yeah we've lost contact with the
whole world we have no cure we have no
hope whatever and it's like wait what
about this ominous clock that's ticking
down from one hour and he's like oh yeah
that's the self-destruct sequence and he
locks him in because he's like look guys
the world's over it's better just to go
with it but Rick gives an impassioned
speech about finding the will to live so
he's a fine I'll open the door you guys
can get out of here but he tells Rick a
secret on the way out loulou ominous
Andrews all sad about her sister still
she's like I'm just gonna stay here and
die but the old guys like fine then I'm
gonna stay here with you and she feels
guilty so they head out of there and
then explosion oh yeah I think the CDC
and they're driving off to who knows
where that's how season 1 comes to an
end